Update import.rst (#14554)
symfony/symfony-docs: service_container/import.rst

        # config/services.yaml
        imports:
            - { resource: services/mailer.yaml }

>             # If you want to import a directory, use the next configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # If you want to import a whole directory:
```

Reviewer: Same for the other

Author: done

>             - { resource: services/ }

Reviewer 2: Tbh, it does look kind of weird with the unquoted trailing `/`, but guess this is how they implemented this functionality. So this is okay

        return function(ContainerConfigurator $configurator) {
            $configurator->import('services/mailer.php');

>             //If you want to import a directory, use the next configuration

Reviewer 2: missing space in front of the line.

Author: done

>             // If you want to import a directory, use the next configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // If you want to import a whole directory:
```
